>> Will Sentance: All right, so,
if we were able to predict fraud or
not because we had background
information on the refund request,
I want my money back on DoorDash.
Then we used it on
the population as a whole.
That means all refunds, and
we were able to say, hey,
this new refund request,
looking at the background data on it,
because I learned the pattern of
the background data of the refund request.
And whether or
not to give a refund for the sample,
I can apply that same
pattern to the population.
If we have labeled data, some information
in that case it was details of the refund,
represented as numbers plus
labels of what that info is.
And remember, whether or not a refund was
given was essentially a label, Refund 1,
Refund -1.
This data associated with Refund 1.
This data associated with Refund -1,
for the sample.
If we have labeled data, some numbers
plus a label for it, and we then created
a converter for that sample, converting
the input values into the label,
so the input numbers into the label, 1 or
>> Will Sentance: -1,
then assuming the sample will effect
the population, that is to say what there
was like in the sample was reflective
of the patterns in the distribution.
Which is a fancy way of saying the
patterns of the data in the broader set of
refund requests,
it's completely different.
Then we could use that convert on the rest
of the population that isn't labeled
to predict those labels,
refund 1 or refund -1.
What other info represents numbers and
labels of what that info is?
Can you think of, people, what other
stuff that you might not think of as
actually being a collection of numbers
might actually be a collection of numbers?
Maria, what other things
can we capture as data.
>> Maria: Pixels.
>> Will Sentance: Pixels, images,
images can be collections of numbers.
Let's say, I don't know, higher numbers
for brighter, or higher numbers for
darker, or lower numbers for dimmer,
or lower numbers for lighter.
But we can also do it with words.
Let's just take a quick look at words.
Just to get a rough sense of it,
I am gonna show this for a second here.
So, if we could build
a sample of human language,
let's say, I don't know,
some text strings.
Let's say, I don't know,
I [LAUGH] always throw down these.
I love my, and then our label could
be how likely the next word is dog.
Let's say very often in, I don't know,
text off the Internet, it's dog.
Let's say it's cat is,
I don't know, I walk my,
there we go, that's a bit more likely.
Walk my dog, very likely in
the history of text on the Internet.
Cat, very likely?
Not impossible, but pretty unlikely.
Refrigerator, [LAUGH] Never been used.
Completely unused in
the history of the Internet.
And then we can have, I love,
now this works better, doesn't it?
Dogs, maybe that's being
used like quite often.
Cats also, I don't know, pretty often but
less than right because, who likes cats?
No, sorry.
[LAUGH] Why pick a fight?
If we can, though, work out the pattern to
convert I walk my into the distribution,
the number of dog, cat, refrigerator
in the history of text on the internet,
and if I love into dogs cats.
Then we could create a a converter for,
I walk my into these strings,
I love into these,
and then use it on
the larger population of,
and this is wow,
where it gets really wild.
Of all human language, or
let's think, all text strings.
And perhaps we could
make predictions on how
likely I love my, so
not I walk my or I love,
which have these, but
I love my is going to be dog,
we don't know, or cat, or refrigerator.
We can apply the pattern we found for
converting I walk my into the next
word in the string,
I love into the next word in that string.
We can apply that same conversion or
set of rules for
I love my, because we can give
each word a numeric value,
or a set of numeric values.
And match up those numeric values
with the numeric values of dog, cat,
refrigerator, and their associated
frequency in the history of language use.
And from that generalize to
the underlying population of all
possible human language use.
The term,
the equivalent of pixels in language,
anyone know the equivalent of
pixels in numeric values that we
give to bits of words or
sentences in human language.
The term is embeddings.
These are the text,
sort of numbers that we give.
But we are, though,
going to focus on pixels,
because we want to build
a smile identifier.
We want to be able to identify,
not patterns of numbers
that represent text,
but patterns of numbers
that represent images.
And again, remind us Maria,
what numeric values, or what's the,
I don't know, what the images comprise
that we can then help comprise,
that we can then give numbers to?
What's the word you said earlier?
Just say it again.
>> Maria: Pixels.
>> Will Sentance: Pixels, well done,
Maria, thank you.
Exactly, pixels.
So we're gonna do this not for
words, but for images.
Not with embeddings,
but with?
>> Maria: Pixels.
>> Will Sentance: Pixels, it's gonna be
the right answer forever.
Excellent, thank you.
So, we can see an image here of a happy
face being reduced in its dimensionality.
That's another
term we'll see again and again,
gone from 1,000 by 1,000 maybe,
something like that, down to 3 by 4.
All right,
we're gonna have a sample
of 3 by 4 images,
3 by 4 images of 0s and1s only,
keeping it super, super simple.
And we're going to,
so 1s being the dark, raise your hand if
you buy that that is a smiley face in
the bottom right hand corner there.
Raise your hand high and
proud if you buy it.
That's three people.
Maria, do you buy that's a smiley face?
No, okay, good.
No, that's a very obvious,
that's a smiley face.
That's an obvious smiley face,
reduced to 3 by 4 dimension.
We are going to build a sample of faces,
3 by 4 images, in order to hopefully,
if we label them,
have associated label of smile,
1 for a smile and
-1, I guess, like refund for not.
That we might be able
to look at new 3 by 4 images, and if we
can identify how to, well, let's see.
Let's get our little sample of, and
you're gonna all be very
convinced in a moment that this
looks exactly like a smile.
Here it is.
>> Will Sentance: Indisputably,
and that is labelled Smile 1.
Just like our refund,
someone has come and looked at this,
and by the way, there's a lot of business
opportunity and a lot of people doing it.
I think it's his name, Alex Alexander
Wang, I think I'm getting it wrong,
probably I'm getting it wrong,
the creator of Scale AI,
you don't get this wrong in an actual
public talk, but Scale AI's founder.
Their company's job is to
build out sample data sets,
labeled images, for example, for
example, of, I don't know, physical space.
For autonomous vehicles that
need to be able to recognize,
is that a person or
a shadow in that image.
Those being seen in that rendered space
that's being seen by the autonomous
vehicle.
If you haven't been in a Waymo yet,
it's very fun.
It's capturing and
identifying things all the time based,
on we'll see, some sample data.
Who does the labeling of that sample data?
People, where do they work or
who do they work for?
Companies like Scale AI, which is
worth $10 to $20 billion as a result.
There's also public data sets available,
labeled images, like ImageNet,
one of the most famous.
And a historic one that was
super popular called MNIST,
we'll talk about it in a second,
of hand-drawn digits.
So there you go,
there's one of our images in our sample.
Let's make another one.
It's going to be a absolutely
obviously sad face.
No one's gonna debate that.
And that is Smile -1.
No smile in this picture.
If we can work out,
people, it is really cool.
If we can work out how to
convert these 12 pixels,
1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 1 into output of 1,
and these 12 pixels, 1 0 1 0 0 1
1 1 1 0 1 into output of Smile -1,
if we can work out how to do that.
Then maybe,
assuming that our 3 by 4 images
that we have in our sample are similar
in their nature to
the population as a whole,
then we can take, I don't know,
let's say, 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1.
Look at that expression.
That looks like the sorting art,
and nothing else.
And that, we don't know,
is that a smile or not?
We don't know.
But if we can apply whatever
rules to convert for
our sample,
our broader population of images,
if we can apply that conversion,
can we get a 1 or a -1 out?
Based on our sample, based on
the fundamental notion that a smile is not
something you can per se define, except
by, this is some smiles and this is not.
Now, use that to tell me,
is this a smile or not?
We're taking information that we have,
where we know from a human it's labeled
small, but no different to information
we had that we knew as a fraud, or
sorry, we knew got a refund or not.
And generalizing that to the population
of all 3 by 4, 0s 1s images.
There it is.
Okay, quick question.
How many possible 3 by 4 images
are there with 12 pixels
that can have either 0s or 1s?
>> Will Sentance: [LAUGH] It's a lot.
I tell you, people,
it's very quickly a lot.
This one is two for each pixel,
there's either a value of 1 or
0, and then there's 12 pixels.
So it's 2 to the power of 12, what?
So it's 4,096 possible 3 by 4 images.
Don't underestimate how
many images there are.
So this, by the way, can quickly tell
you how vast the possible data sets for
any serious number of images, I know for
a fact Ben is looking at this,
it can't be true.